GA4 send_to parameter update (#1172)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/google-analytics-4/setting-up-google-analytics-4-in-rudderstack.mdx

  - If enabled, the user ID is set to the identified visitors and sent as explained in the [Cookies and user identification](https://developers.google.com/tag-platform/devguides/cookies#set_user_id) guide.
  - If disabled, `userId` is not sent and RudderStack only sends the user traits set as `user_properties` to Google Analytics. The user properties are set on the `gtag` client as explained in the [Set user properties](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/ga4/user-properties?technology=websites) guide.

> - **Add send_to parameter in gtag event call**: Enable this setting to send an event **only** to the specific Google Analytics 4 property whose measurement ID you have mentioned in the connection settings above. When enabled, a sample event to Google Analytics 4 looks like below:

Reviewer: Can we add GA4 send_to parameter doc link here
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9310895?hl=en&ref_topic=11192706#zippy=%2Cin-this-article

  - If enabled, the user ID is set to the identified visitors and sent as explained in the [Cookies and user identification](https://developers.google.com/tag-platform/devguides/cookies#set_user_id) guide.
  - If disabled, `userId` is not sent and RudderStack only sends the user traits set as `user_properties` to Google Analytics. The user properties are set on the `gtag` client as explained in the [Set user properties](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/ga4/user-properties?technology=websites) guide.

> - **Add send_to parameter in gtag event call**: Enable this setting to send an event **only** to the specific Google Analytics 4 property whose measurement ID you have mentioned in the connection settings above. When enabled, a sample event to Google Analytics 4 looks like below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Add send_to parameter in gtag event call**: Enable this setting to send an event **only** to the specific Google Analytics 4 property whose **Measurement Id** you have specified above. When enabled, a sample event to Google Analytics 4 looks as shown:
```
